README.md, before:

## `heloo!!!!!!1`

I'm a person with many interests, some of which happen to be about coding and all that.

I'm planning to use GitHub to store and archive all my coding related projects (and possibly a bit more) (also motivate my brain to do things by seeing the squares turn green).

Currently working on a Bachelors engineering degree in IT. At my 3rd year and 6th semester as of now.

-----

## Repo stats because they look coooool

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=PerfectMach1ne&layout=compact&theme=gradient&bg_color=90,AA8ED6,5EAEEC&text_color=FFFFFF&title_color=FFFFFF&langs_count=10&hide=jupyter%20notebook)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=github_dark) 
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=github_dark) 

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight)
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight&utcOffset=1) 
 
### History of ***`The Curse of Java`***

~~**Most Used Languages** Java-free since `25/02/2023` thanks to **`Jupyter Notebook`** and my **Machine Learning** studies.~~

**`Most Used Languages`** still plagued by **`Java`**. Overthrown *once* by **`Jupyter Notebook`** (but it grew out of control so I had to *yeet* it).

**`Top Languages by Repo`**'s 1st place Java free since `02/03/2023` thanks to **`Python`** and my **FastAPI** course coding.

**`Top Languages by Commit`**'s 1st place Java free since `02/03/2023` thanks to **`Python`** and my **FastAPI** course coding.

**`Top Languages by Repo`**'s 2nd place still plagued by **`Java`**.

**`Top Languages by Commit`**'s 2nd place still plagued by **`Java`**.

The day some language pushes out Java %age out of all of those to the fifth place will be a day I'll make sure to celebrate.

 
## Things & technologies I have ever done anything with (and more or less knew what I was doing)

### Programming languages

[![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C-%23A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.cppreference.com/w/c)
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%2B%2B-%2300599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://isocpp.org/)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-%233776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kotlin-%230095D5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)](https://kotlinlang.org/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-%23ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)](https://www.java.com/)
[![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-%23E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-%231572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-%23F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://www.javascript.com/)
[![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL%20-%234479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-%234EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu%20bash&logoColor=white)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

### Databases & SQL languages

[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL%20-%234479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-%23003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
[![Microsoft SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MS%20SQL%20Server-%23CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-%234169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)

### Frameworks & libraries

[![Vue.js 2](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js%202-%234FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)](https://v2.vuejs.org/)
[![Vuetify](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vuetify-%231867C0?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuetify&logoColor=white)](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
[![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Axios-%235A29E4?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=white)](https://axios-http.com/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-%23009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![SQLAlchemy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLAlchemy-D71F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlalchemy&logoColor=white)](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/)
[![Pydantic](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pydantic-CE3B6C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pydantic&logoColor=white)](https://docs.pydantic.dev/)
[![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-%23013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)](https://numpy.org/)
[![gspread](https://img.shields.io/badge/-gspread-%2334A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-sheets&logoColor=white)](https://docs.gspread.org/en/latest/)
[![Swing](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swing-467899?style=for-the-badge&logo=swing&logoColor=white)](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/start/index.html)

### Tools

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-%23F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-%23121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com)
[![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gradle-%2302303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gradle&logoColor=white)](https://gradle.org/)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-npm-%23CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-%23FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%2385EA2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)](https://swagger.io/)
[![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-%23F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)](https://www.figma.com/)
[![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter%20Notebook-%23F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)](https://jupyter.org/)
[![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Colab-%23F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-colab&logoColor=white)](https://colab.research.google.com/)
[![Google Sheets](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Sheets-%2334A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-sheets&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/sheets/about/)
[![Google Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Docs-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-docs&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/docs/about/)
[![Google Drive](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Drive-%234285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-drive&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/drive/)
[![Google Calendar](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Calendar-%234285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-calendar&logoColor=white)](https://workspace.google.com/products/calendar/)

### IDEs

[![IntelliJ](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IntelliJ%20IDEA-%23000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
[![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyCharm-%23000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white)](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-%23007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![Code::Blocks](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code::Blocks-%23FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=&logoColor=white)](http://www.codeblocks.org/)

### OSs

[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-%230078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
[![Linux Mint](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux%20Mint-%2387CF3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux-mint&logoColor=white)](https://linuxmint.com/)

Commit message:

dissing Chrome/Opera and Google

README.md, after:

## `heloo!!!!!!1`

I'm a person with many interests, some of which happen to be about coding and all that.

I'm planning to use GitHub to store and archive all my coding related projects (and possibly a bit more) (also motivate my brain to do things by seeing the squares turn green).

Currently working on a Bachelors engineering degree in IT. At my 3rd year and 6th semester as of now.

-----

## Repo stats because they look coooool

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=PerfectMach1ne&layout=compact&theme=gradient&bg_color=90,AA8ED6,5EAEEC&text_color=FFFFFF&title_color=FFFFFF&langs_count=10&hide=jupyter%20notebook)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=github_dark) 
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=github_dark) 

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight)
![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=PerfectMach1ne&theme=tokyonight&utcOffset=1) 
 
### History of ***`The Curse of Java`***

~~**Most Used Languages** Java-free since `25/02/2023` thanks to **`Jupyter Notebook`** and my **Machine Learning** studies.~~

**`Most Used Languages`** still plagued by **`Java`**. Overthrown *once* by **`Jupyter Notebook`** (but it grew out of control so I had to *yeet* it).

**`Top Languages by Repo`**'s 1st place Java free since `02/03/2023` thanks to **`Python`** and my **FastAPI** course coding.

**`Top Languages by Commit`**'s 1st place Java free since `02/03/2023` thanks to **`Python`** and my **FastAPI** course coding.

**`Top Languages by Repo`**'s 2nd place still plagued by **`Java`**.

**`Top Languages by Commit`**'s 2nd place still plagued by **`Java`**.

The day some language pushes out Java %age out of all of those to the fifth place will be a day I'll make sure to celebrate.

 
## Things & technologies I have ever done anything with (and more or less knew what I was doing)

### Programming languages

[![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C-%23A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.cppreference.com/w/c)
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%2B%2B-%2300599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://isocpp.org/)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-%233776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kotlin-%230095D5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)](https://kotlinlang.org/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-%23ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)](https://www.java.com/)
[![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-%23E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-%231572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-%23F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://www.javascript.com/)
[![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL%20-%234479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-%234EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu%20bash&logoColor=white)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

### Databases & SQL languages

[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL%20-%234479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-%23003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
[![Microsoft SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MS%20SQL%20Server-%23CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-%234169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)

### Frameworks & libraries

[![Vue.js 2](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js%202-%234FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)](https://v2.vuejs.org/)
[![Vuetify](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vuetify-%231867C0?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuetify&logoColor=white)](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
[![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Axios-%235A29E4?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=white)](https://axios-http.com/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-%23009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![SQLAlchemy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLAlchemy-D71F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlalchemy&logoColor=white)](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/)
[![Pydantic](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pydantic-CE3B6C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pydantic&logoColor=white)](https://docs.pydantic.dev/)
[![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-%23013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)](https://numpy.org/)
[![gspread](https://img.shields.io/badge/-gspread-%2334A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-sheets&logoColor=white)](https://docs.gspread.org/en/latest/)
[![Swing](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swing-467899?style=for-the-badge&logo=swing&logoColor=white)](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/start/index.html)

### Tools

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-%23F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-%23121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com)
[![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gradle-%2302303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gradle&logoColor=white)](https://gradle.org/)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-npm-%23CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-%23FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%2385EA2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)](https://swagger.io/)
[![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-%23F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)](https://www.figma.com/)
[![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter%20Notebook-%23F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)](https://jupyter.org/)
[![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Colab-%23F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-colab&logoColor=white)](https://colab.research.google.com/)
[![Google Sheets](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Sheets-%2334A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-sheets&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/sheets/about/)
[![Google Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Docs-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-docs&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/docs/about/)
[![Google Drive](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Drive-%234285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-drive&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.com/drive/)
[![Google Calendar](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Calendar-%234285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-calendar&logoColor=white)](https://workspace.google.com/products/calendar/)

### IDEs

[![IntelliJ](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IntelliJ%20IDEA-%23000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
[![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyCharm-%23000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white)](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-%23007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![Code::Blocks](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code::Blocks-%23FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=&logoColor=white)](http://www.codeblocks.org/)

### Browser and search engine I ditched Chrome, Opera and Google for

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firefox-%23FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox-browser&logoColor=white)](https://www.mozilla.org/pl/firefox/new/)
[![Bing](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bing-%23258FFA?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-bing&logoColor=white)](https://www.bing.com/)

### OSs

[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-%230078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
[![Linux Mint](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux%20Mint-%2387CF3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux-mint&logoColor=white)](https://linuxmint.com/)
